c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll.config
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
c:\users\danie_000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\danie_000\Dropbox\MyCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Sebastian\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity2\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll.config
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Source\Repos\MessageCommunity\MyCommunity.Models\obj\Debug\MyCommunity.Models.pdb
